I hear that, friend. Do you mind if I wallow with you a bit? I'm a bubble.
That's what they say.  Looks like you've given up on things. I'm thinking about giving up on things myself. I've been lost in this wilderness a long time. Maybe you and me can wait here, to get eaten by a carnivore!
You do?
Your friends sound great!
Well then, what are we waiting for?
Hey, so tell me about your home, BMO.
Cool.
My home? I think that my home is very large and very beautiful. But I can't pin down these memories it... haunts me.
What was that?
Nooo!
What's a baby doing in the wilderness?
How about Sparkle?
Hmmm.
I don't think we should cross it then.
BMO?
Eeeeh... maybe I can, hold out this leaf.
He looks fussy; maybe he's hungry.
Sparkle...
BMO, that's his mom! Let go!
Hey, the path ahead looks pretty clear and there were these... uh, there... BMO, are you okay?
Yes, BMO?
Don't cry. Sparkle is safe now and we did that. Thanks to us he's going to grow up and be anything he wants to be: a strapping horse whisperer or a sexy hitman or whatever. And things are looking up for us, too; I saw some bugs up ahead who look pretty with it.
Maybe they can gives us directions or something.
What?!
Yeeah! Come on, BMO!
Um hey, so, BMO, since we have a little time, there is something I've been wanting to say.
I know I might never find my real home.
It is, I know it is, but it's... it's okay, because I realized something, all this time we've been together, BMO, I haven't felt lost, I felt at home.
And, it's you, BMO, I feel at home with.
So, I thought- I mean if you feel the same way, I thought we could get married. I-I mean... I'm not even sure what that means exactly but-
There, there, BMO, it's okay.
No, BMO, it's okay. You see, I'm finally free.
No, not Bubble, Air. BMO I'm Air! I've been trapped in that bubble for so long I've forgotten who I am, but now I'm finally home.
Nooo, see that's what's so great. Now we can be together forever, BMO, every minute of every day. No more privacy, no more quiet, no more alone. Every room you ever go in, I'll already be there... waiting... forever and ever, until the end of time.