Jake, what did you do to your brother?
No, son, you did good.  Having no self control makes you a tough galoot, like me!
Well, that's too bad, kid, 'cause you're going to hurt everybody!
Jake, lose control, flip out on those guys!
Jake, Jake, come on punch them, Jake, punch everybody. Why not? Come on! Why not?!
Jake, Jake, I brought someone here to see you, it's your brother.
Yeah, every-bod-y.
Everybody who is evil, Jake. Let me finish next time, hm, yeah?Hello, boys.
If you're hearing this prerecorded hologram message, it's because I passed on, and my spirit sparkles guided you to its secret hiding place. Right now, I'm holding both of you in my hands. You're both still little squishy babies.  I made you boys something. It's a dungeon. A proper dungeon. Full of evil monsters, traps, and magic. The whole kazoo!
Now, this next part of the message is just for you, Jake, so Finn, cover your ears.  Jake... really, this dungeon is for Finn. I know I won't be around forever, and I wanna make something that will force Finn to toughen up.
Now, tell Finn to uncover his ears now.
Alright, boys. Now to give you some incentive, at the end of the dungeon, I'm going to put the Family Sword. It's made out of Demon's Blood.
Kee Oth Rama Pancake.
The dungeon's eighty paces west of here under a dumb-lookin' rock. And Finn, this dungeon's gonna kick your tail. I bet you won't even get past the first trial, ya whiny baby!
Finn, cover up those nubs on your head.
Alright. Hey, Jake, I wanna remind you what this dungeon's for.  In order for Finn to stop whining, he needs to be put through a trial that forces him to take charge of a situation.
Remember, Jake, this is a prerecorded holo-message. I can't hear you if you're talking to me right now.
Jake, I need your help. You gotta call Finn a whiny baby.
Butts are for pooping! Do it for Poppy!
Hey, hey! Finn! Jake! You made it past the fruit witches! Hey, did they make you cry, Finn? Huh? Huh?  I bet they did. Alright, now cover your ears, Sue!  Jake, I'm almost done with this dungeon. I just have one last monster to fit into this pit I dug. I got him tied up in this building. It's really hard trying to fit him into this pit. He's pretty evil. Ha.  You're gonna have a crazy time trying to defeat  WAAAAAH!!
Hey, Jake, when Finn finishes this dungeon, play this tape for him...
Finn! If you're seeing this prerecorded holo-message, it's because you finished the dungeon that I made for you. I'm proud of you. You're gonna do great things in this world. I love you, son.
I made you boys something. It's babies. Full of babies. ...the family sword. It's made out ofbabies.
Kee Oth Rama Pancake.Steak break.
These steaks are tough and stringy. Like you.
Margaret, you're in a family way now. You should take a backseat from investigations.
You're missing the point, sugar. What if something bad happens? Let's say we're out on the beat, fighting some lowlife. He takes a punch, you zig when you should've zagged, and oops! Junior takes a knock to the noodle, comes out with the shiner the size of a grapefruit. I can't take that kind of guilt and neither can you.
Yeah, you got me there.
You relax, dear, I got it.  Hmm. Let's get a look here. Vampire girl spotted in the Grass Lands harassing sheep and cattle. Nope, nope, nope. Small fire goblin burns down Candy Kingdom forest.
Wait, wait, here's one.  Woman's pies go missing in Bucolic Countryside where nothing ever happens. The perfect case for my pregnant wife!
Now let's get an egg in our shoe and beat it.
Afternoon, Mrs. Tree Trunks. We're Joshua and Margaret of Joshua and Margaret Investigations. And this is  our boy. We're responding to a wire about missing pies.
A monster, eh?
Well, those tracks are as phony as a three dollar bill.
What's the big idea, Wyatt? Why'd you burgle your wife's pie?
Well, there you have it. The only monster here was this man's appetite for his wife's pie.
Of course. Probably nothing more than a peeper.  Ha! These country yokels are all just superstitious. I bet you that old elephant sees a monster a day.
Hot cram! A peeping monster! Oh, this town would surely put up a collection to nab this guy. Oh, too bad you're preggo. We got to pass.
What?
Margaret! Margaret! Wait for Pappy!
Hey, hey! Beat it, uggos!  The peeper!
Gads!  Boom!  Do your worst, you masher.
Uh, yeah, pretty much.
Ah, good last meal. Okay, well, I got bit by a monster, a creature of the night. We both know what comes next for me.  Just make it snappy, darling.
I'm fine. Just got to pop out and fetch that venom.
Come in, Margaret. Do you read me? Over.
You have to say over or I think you're still talking. Over.
Margaret, stay away.  Something's about to happen!
Margaret!  Shine the light, dear.  Yowzers!
Boy, Jake left a scar on my head the size of a nickel. I'll have to wear a hat now, Margaret.
Of course we do, dear. He's our boy.
Yes, we've got one boy that I gave birth to and one boy that you gave birth to. Let's never tell him how it happened.Want do you want baby?  Why are you crying? Margaret, this baby wont tell me whats wrong with it, and its stuck to a leaf, and it stinks.
You just kissed a boom boom baby. So dont expect any more sugar from me, sweetheart until we wash your dirty dirty face.Jake? Finn? Jermaine? Whoever is watching this?
I just opened up an unexplored cavern deep in the underground grasslands complex. Please refer to my chart system, okay? I'm in cave 73H. In case I am overtaken by an enemy I need you to retrieve my corpse.
Over here, you see, the second half of the tablet I believe. Now, if I put this together with mine, I should be able to create a portal to the demon Kee-Oth's dimension and trap him in a circle of holy water. Okay, here we go.  Perfect. Okay, let's see.  Kee-Oth zaple myrups pama...
That's because I've been drinking so much holy water. It's in my blood, sucka! And naturally, I gotta go to the bathroom like crazy. Be right back!
Man, I can't believe it...I gotta wee-wee again!