Please, go on. Describe the next thought form.
Ah... Ahaha!  One year good luck.
Okay, dear, now up you come.
There you go!
Whoa, whoa, kids! Gotta finish the ceremony first. Keep the baby in the basket!
We've gathered here on this beautiful day, under my life-giving sun, to celebrate the enjoinment of Mr. Pig and Tree Trunks, the little elephant. These two weird animals...
Do you, Mr Pig, take Tree Trunks to be your ever-wedded wife, forever following the teachings of me the true King of Ooo?
Do you, Tree Trunks, do you promise to love Mr. Pig forever, and spend the next 5 years with me and my serenity compound, performing simple household repairs,  to have and to hold the in sickness and in health, in my gated mountain compound?
My zep!
Hey, just what are you egging at here?
Oh, is that what this is about? You must've found that in my back records! I have the up-to-date paperwork right here!
Hey, wait, how did you get that? I could've swore it was locked in my zep.
Are you crazy? That loopy bird is gonna string me up sideways. You can perform your own dang ceremony. Kingofooo.com!Let's see what we got here. Hello there. Intimidated by those bullies, eh?
What's your name, kid?
I'm the one true King of Ooo. This is my attorney, Toronto. Sweet P, there are all kinds of education, you know.
Yes, sir, all kinds! Such as... dancing. You could blow off this podunk school and get a proper dance education! Then you can come back and really show those mean kids and make your parents proud!
Yes, Toronto?
Nooo, that dance is too tough for an amateur!
Yeah, I know it's awesome, but I really don't think the kid is ready.
I don't think he's tough enough to be ready.
Aah, I do see it!
You've got a good eye, and you're a good dog!  Watch this, kid.
Well, we got us a prodigy here. You're ready for advanced classes.  Hey, you mugs, wanna see some world-class dancing? Just turn around!
Ha, ya did great!
Have a gold star!  Show that to your parents, kid. They'll love it! But... don't tell 'em where you got it, or you'll ruin the surprise. Just think how proud they'll be at your big, uhh, end-of-the-year recital! You understand?
Thumbs up!
Well, this is our place.
He's right; we're filthy. Listen, we all need a break. Go on home, kid, and we'll see you tomorrow!
Horse feathers! A lick of gold paint is all it needs!  Just a couple more garbage stars, eh, Toronto?
Soon we'll have enough scratch to fund my big comeback! This kid is great at helping us rob people!
Sweet P? What did you hear?
We gotta take care of him.
I shouldn't have said that out loud.
Hey, kid! Toronto and I talked it over, and we decided that we're not going to  Take care of you.
Yup, we're gonna burn it downunless...
You leave home and your loving parents and come dance with us forever.
Come on, Sweet P. The people love you!
Well, mostly they love to laugh at you. I mean, look at yourself. You're a a a big, weird baby-man!