Psst. Lemonhope.
Hey. That's better.
My name's Phlannel Boxingday, and I've been watching you and your hard, hot life in this desert from up there  in my cloud trawler. I thought you might need a hand.
Kid, truth be told, you're looking a little raw. You're totally free to come hang out with me until you're feeling stronger.
It's your choice.
Ha-ha, let's go, dude.
So... read any good books lately?
Ah-hah... Uh-oh. Hold that thought, buddy. Looks like a Greed Lard's picked up our scent. Dangit, he's a fast one. We can't outrun him, but maybe we can drive him off. I need you to play that flute of yours, Lemonhope. I saw how you rassled those scorpions before. Now play that flute with all your might!
Keep it up, Lemonhope. It's working! He's turning off!
No, wait. Hehe's mad. We've enraged him. He's calling his pack. The harp, Lemonhope! Quick, quick, quick!
We'll lure the beast into the rocks.
What? What for?
You see, Lemonhope? It's not peeps. It's dosh!
Greed Lards eat dosh for food, and 'cause we killed it, we get to keep it all. That's my job, Lemonhope. When I'm not out being free and having adventures, I'm killing monsters that eat dosh and then keeping the dosh. And it just so happens that I'm looking for a new apprentice. What do you think about partnering up with old Phlannel Boxingday?
Morning, Lemonhope! Hey, is there any more white coal down in the hold?  More black diamonds equals more love potions. The old three Rs, y'know what I'm saying? Ro-ro-romance. No, man, I can't wait for some love. It's been so lo  whoops. Oh, drats. Oh, well. Hey, don't sweat it, buddy. It wasn't your fault.
Again? That's the third time this week.
Well, it's true you are freefree to help the Lemon People or leave them bebut a debt unpaid is not easily forgotten. So you are a prisoner still in deinem kopfin your head.
Ah, Lemonhope, you're a doer, not a listener. You learn with your heart and hands, not your head. So... what will you do, Lemonhope?
And how will you do it?
Nah, little Lemonhope. Of course, I'll take you as far as I can, but I can't interfere directly in Lemongrab politics. All those old pacts and treaties have me sklonked up tighter than a synthetic zanoit sterilizer bed compressor tube enlarger on garbage day.