Hey, hey! Did you guys see that? You know that was a ghost wearing a dead guy? That might be the nastiest thing I've ever seen. Na-na-na-na-nasty! Nasty jazz! Nast--
Oh! Sorry, sorry! I didn't mean nothin' by it! I mean, I have a lot of nasty friends. My uncle is nasty. I'm basically honorary nasty.
Who knows?
Actually, it depends on the wish I granted him.
Yeah, he wished for the extinction of all life and I did it. I guess it changed his timeline or something?
Oh, that's because you're safe in my time room until you make your wish.Huh hmm huh hmm huh hmm. I can't wait to get this batch of pickles to Jake. He's totes gonna bust a pipe when he gets hit with the cumin and the undertones of sage that come in later.
WaWait, I've changed my mind
Dude, I get out of relationships because I don't want to have a discussion about what we're gonna to have for dinner every night!  'Cause when I'm alone...
That's right, Prismo is nothing but the dream of a wrinkly old man.
Oh, dang, I'm back!
Finn, hold up.
Yep, I'm still dead. I'm actually talking to you from the past, I set up this plan B scenario in case I ever got croaked for reals. So if this is happening then I guess I got croaked and my pickles ran out. But Jake and I established a bro-bond that could bring me back through his dreams.
I was pretending, but now I can see you.
Uhhh...hurry up I need your help
You've gotta wake up Jake and then...umm, you'll see.
Shoot, I don't know if I thought this thing all the way through..
Aw, it'll be cool.  It'll be cool.
Well, not yet. Finn, in a second you've gotta stop yourself from waking up Jake.
Shoot! Hide!
THAT who.
But wait, Jake, that means one of your alternate reality incarnations will sleep for eternity to keep me alive.
OK, Finn, I'm not sure what'll happen if you confront yourself. He might explode.
You know what? Forget it.
Good luck!
My past self is doing plan B, right?
Finn sword, dude.
Thank you, Finn.
Thank you, Jake.Oh, when he wished for the Lich to have never existed  Finn left my time room and entered his wish altered reality. We can watch him on my TV wall.
Yes, sometimes a well intentioned wish can lead to... nuts. But you know, you get a wish too.
Yup, totally.  You can have anything you want.
A sandwich, your gonna waste your one wish on a sandwich?! You don't want anything else?
Dude, I'll just make you a sandwich! You should use your wish on something important.
You know... on someone who might need it.  I'm talking about him over there!
Looks like your friend is having a pretty rough time.
Don't worry dude I gotcha covered!  They're homemade.
Oh yee!!
Dude, I get out of relationships because I don't want to have a discussion about what we're gonna have for dinner every night! Cause when I'm alone I can just sit on the couch and I'm hungry I can eat whatever I want. It's not like:  What should we eat for breakfast? Wait! We should coordinate!  That's a pain.
I have friends.
He's just here making a wish Cosmic Owl.
...after. Come on, get in here.
Maybe now, you would like to use your wish?
Wait, dude! Look, I like you, so you should know my wishes always got an ironic twist to them. It's like a monkey's paw kind of thing.
You just gotta be really specific. Say your wish is: I wish for a back rub. Who's gonna give it to you? A dirty man? A bear? And where does this masseuse come from? Do I zap some guy away from his family dinner? Leave some kid traumatized?
Mom, where did dad go?  Oh, I don't know son he just disappeared from the table... sorry.
You see, Jake there are rules to this stuff, wishing an event to be changes elements before and after it. Memories will be destroyed, babies will not be born. Potential worlds could be evaporated by-your-wish!
Focus, Jake!  Here, eat this egg, it's brain food.
Okay, there is a way to bring back all life and get home.
You just have to ch...
The Lii-
The Liiich's...
And go home.
Aa-ah!
I can work with that. Alright, this has been nice, see ya!
Sorry guy, you only get one wish. Hey Jake, did you see that? Monkey's paw.
If you want to come back and hang out some time. Call me - P.Heeeey.
What! No.
Jaaake.  I'm Prismo the wish master. We can have all the cheesy crackers we want.
Oh, stop.
I'm always smiling when I'm around you, too.
Oh yeah, it's fine, he's harmless.
Well, The Lich's primary function is to cause mass death. And since he can't do that while he is trapped in my Time Room,  he's stuck in a standstill, like a machine without a purpose.
All right, later, dude.
I don't know, mang, I was just gonna clean up and crash out.
Whoa! You guys do not wanna go there. Seriously.  Check this out.  The Citadel is a nasty-sized prison. Only the worst of the worst end up there. Real stink faces. These guys are the pitsthe armpits.
Oh, look at that, a little guy.
Done.
A wish wouldn't have worked anyway. You can only get to The Citadel committing a cosmic crime.
Listen, if you guys are serious about this,  all you gotta do is find a certain sleeping old man and bring him here.
Yep. He's on one of those floating islands out there. It kind of looks like an upside-down duck.
Yeah, but that's all there is to it.  For now.
Check it out! I got gifts for you guys.
Oh! One last thing, dudes.  Whatever you do, don't wake him up.  Okay, you can go now.
Oh, hey, your back.
Okay, wake him up.
Yeah,  I just wanted one last look at myself.
That's right: Prismo is nothing than dream of a wrinkly old man. Man, I've gotten a lot hairier, but also balder? Tell me how that makes any sense. I'm like a big ol' hairy raisin.
Poof! I'm a goner. Thus ends mighty Prismo.
Killing a wish master is a cosmic crime. Once I'm dead, the guardian will show up and take you to The Citadel.
Ah, don't worry. As soon as my corporeal body falls back asleep again,  in a thousand years,  I'll be back.
Hold on, let me take one last look around.
Huh, thought I'd own more stuff by now. Okay, let's do it!
Pssh! What could go wrong?
WaWait, I've changed my mind