57 seconds.
No.
Continue training. 3, 2, 1...Leave this dump now!
No. Instead, I will pluck out your eyes with the point of my sword, and whenever you try to see stuff, you will think only of me, Rattleballs!
You have a warrior's spirit!  Something I haven't seen in a long time. But your swordsmanship is . You should learn to master your weapon before you draw it.
I know you're back there.
I don't eat muffins; I'm a robot.
No. When I was a young robot, I went horseback riding. No one taught me how to post. The horse took a crazy jump, and I came down on the saddle hard. One of my gumballs bounced up inside me. It's been lodged in a weird spot for years.
More to the left! Getting closer. Closer!  You got it!  Thank you!
Yes! I will teach you the sword stuff.
Lesson one: block my eggs!
Hahahahaha! Egg-celent!
You have done well today! You have felt the sting of the yolk, endured the sizzle of the mini-BBQ. Perhaps you are ready to learn my secret technique.
Watch!
The shadowless thrust. Your blade must be swift enough to slice the air between you and the target, removing all wind resistance.  Now you try.  Again.
You will be if you train this hard every day... for ten years... and get a robot body.
That, my friend, is a long tale... which I will tell you now.  It was a much wilder time in the Candy Kingdom. I was a member of an elite robot police force created by Princess Bubblegum. Her previous attempts at law enforcement had been a bunch of goofs.
Our righteous swords cut a swath through the chaos, but we were too successful.  Unfortunately, we were still programmed for violence.
We were programmed to follow her commands 100%, but through sheer force of will, I was able to overcome it.  We had been judged too dangerous to stay operational and sentenced to death!
I alone escaped, while my compatriots became minimalist furniture.
I've lived as a fugitive in this junkyard ever since. That is why you must never tell Princess Bubblegum about me. If she ever found out, she would have me destroyed.
Hello, Princess.
So be it!
Rattleballs!
You think I'm dangerous, Princess?
I no longer crave mindless violence. I have found peace in meditation, gardening, egg throwing. I also hope time has made you less bloodthirsty, princess, but do with me as you will. In my heart I still serve you, 100%.
Thank you, Princess. That's marginally better than hiding in a dump.