Ice King, stop, please. This story is terrible!
What if it were a... little more like real life?
Yeah... but what if there was a little more romance in the story?
I like how it is!Finn! Jake! I need your help; it's an emergency!
I need Finn to marry me.
You don't understand. If I don't get a husband, I'll lose my kingdom.
Please let me explain.
Recently, my much hotter younger sister, Blargetha, married a Slime rogue named Guillermo. As a result, Elder Plops decreed that if I was not married by tomorrow, rule of the Slime Kingdom would pass to my sister...
...which I'd be, like, totally fine with...
Except, I recently discovered they are both evil. Evil to the core! They plan to militarize the kingdom and begin a campaign of aggressive conquest,  sacking our neighboring kingdoms,  stealing their resources,  and eventually taking over the entire world!
Finn, this will happen unless someone marries me.
Please, Finn. I know I've crushed on you in the past, but I have no intention of locking this down. Our marriage will be in name only.
We're here.  Welcome to my little oasis in the wasteland.
Quickly. We're already late.  This is the most important place in the kingdom.
No, it's where me and all my main splurts hang out. Hi, girls!
Get your face pretty, Finn. My people are already assembled in the courtyard.   Greetings, loyal slimejects!
I would like to introduce my new husband,  Finn the Human!
What did I tell you? Piece of cake.
It's Blargetha.  And that's the mysterious Guillermo. He hails from a faraway, much more somber Slime Kingdom where people have strange customs and no love in their eyes. Their discos aren't even rated one cray.
I object! Ancient traditions such as the Trials of Glarb are no longer relevant in our modern self-indulgent society.
Okay, Finn, you can do it.
Well, just lose yourself in your own mind and go numb. Then let it all out.
Yes!
Wrap those gorgeous pythons around me!
Come on, Finn, they're crushing us!
No!
This is not going well.
Is it because you haven't done much kissing? You don't have to be embarrassed by your innocence.
What If I pretend to be your ex?
Well, it looks like I'm losing my kingdom to the forces of evil.
Mmmm.
Wait! Where are you going?
I want to come!
Blargetha!
Blargetha, why would you make a fake husband? You're so hot.
Uh, no, it just disqualifies her from challenging me.
Finn, what do you think?
I'm sorry! I can't do it!Hi!
Excuse me for approaching you, sir. You just seem so approachable.
Tell me about yourself.
Oooh, a nice King.I can't just pop out eggs on command! I'm an artisan!
How dare you?
Wait, I think I'm ready to pop it.Gunter, come party with us.We're all prisoners, Finn.
Yay!
He's held us here for weeks, questioning us about our favorite sports and quirky behavior. I've tried to tell him as little as possible.
Thank you, Finn.
And remember when you vowed to marry us to the thing of our choosing?
Well, I'd like to marry you.
Oh, gross! Put me down! Put me down!!!