Wow, that was really something.
Really something.
Sure, I'll hold. Hello? I'd like to take a few minutes of your time to tell you about an amazing vitamin supplement. But first, just let me ask you: do you ever feel that no matter what you eat, you're still tired and sluggish and... filled with nagging anxiety and doubt... and...?
Hello, ma'am, I'd like to take a few minutes of your time... hello?
Hey.
This is good. What is this?
I knew there was trouble. I could smell it on the hot evening breeze. Fortunately for me, trouble is my favorite thing because I'm Joe Milkshake. I kicked down the door with one swift, decisive motion... No... With one swift and decisive motion, I kicked down the door... No... The door was kicked down by me swiftly with not many motions, but a whole lot of decisiveness was used by me that was apparent to everybody... oh.
Hey, hey, are you awake?
Well, this is going to sound crazy, but I think I saw Princess Bubblegum get kidnapped and the perpetrators were that Finn and Jake!
But it did happen.
I'm sorry, sweetie. I couldn't stop thinking about that weird stuff I saw last night when I was peeking through the bushes.
I didn't know what to say, but Joe Milkshake never was a talky guy. On my way to work that morning, I decided to take a second look at the crime scene.
Zero?
You know, maybe if you give me the new lead...
Alright, you two, what were you doing last night with Princess Bubblegum?
But I saw you.
Mr. Banana Guard, you gotta arrest those guys. Come on!
These are the guys, they're kidnappers. You have to arrest them and find out how they're hiding Princess Bubblegum.
Bingo bango. This was my lucky break.
With one decisive motion, I kicked down the door.
Quickly, I scanned the room for the... oh man. Caramel Court, Cotton Candy Prison, Lollipop Park Estates! Bingo ban...
Bingo bango.
Um, look what I got! This security tape will show that Finn and Jake kidnapped Princess Bubblegum.
Oh, yeah? Prepare to have your mind blown! After I put this tape in the VCR just to make sure I got the right one. I'm pretty sure I did!
Hey, yes, this is it! Bingo bango! I've gotta get to the... Are you in the tub, sweetie? I'm going out! I've gotta get this tape to the Banana Guards or the newspaper or maybe the DA or something!
But... but... how did you guys know?
But it's all I've got!
Mr. Pudding.
Oh, Buck, those.
T-those guys were just in here, can you tell me what they bought?
Say, Mister Buck, do you know anything about this Lake Butterscotch?
Don't hang up! Uh, I'm Root Beer Guy. I'm the guy who kidnapped Princess Bubblegum! Yeah, yeah, wrapped her in a carpet, yeah, and I'm gonna dump her in Lake Butterscotch! I'm completely insane, ahahahaha, but you still have time to stop me. Get up to Lake Butterscotch right now, Banana Guard...
Uh... and I took a boat out after 8 o' clock.
Oh, my word. Get those guys. They're my accomplices.
Princess!
We haven't danced like that in years!